zachariah Giffin: How you doing,
Richelle Direny: I'm good, how are you
zachariah Giffin: All right.
zachariah Giffin: I'm gonna be cooking dinner, while I'm talking to. Right.
Richelle Direny: Now, did you just did you
Know,
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you just have your side.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I'll show you how long does
Richelle Direny: Let me ask you a question.
Richelle Direny: So the word was I'm right hard trying to get in contact with you.
zachariah Giffin: Know where of
zachariah Giffin: For what
zachariah Giffin: Sale on this.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK, you just have always had back in a ponytail.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So how's everything. How's everything going with him since the last
zachariah Giffin: Everything is done pretty good.
zachariah Giffin: On that in Vegas. I thought it was having me like get up in paste the forums and stuff like I couldn't sit still, but it's not doing it now. They put me on some kind of medication to help with the restlessness and stuff. So I'm not pasting the forest, no more.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so that's a good thing.
zachariah Giffin: But why was bright heart health, trying to get ahold of me.
Richelle Direny: Let me tell you right now.
zachariah Giffin: On Tuesday when I have group. I had an appointment to go get my injection
zachariah Giffin: For my in Vegas. I so I was going to do grip on Wednesday, but on Wednesday I checked in, in a virtual clinic that I checked in my internet right now and didn't realize till the next day and there wasn't another group until this week.
zachariah Giffin: So i but i was in contact with them about that. I don't know anything else.
zachariah Giffin: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I guess they were trying to send you. I don't know. They're trying to 10 you text messages, but you will have them blocks.
zachariah Giffin: Oh,
zachariah Giffin: Right now all I have is the text now phone number.
zachariah Giffin: I'm
zachariah Giffin: By gave him that phone number can receive text or not. And I haven't received no text.
zachariah Giffin: And then blocked him and I'm aware.
zachariah Giffin: I can give them another phone number, though, with the people I live with. They have service on their friend I can give them that phone number, my service on my phone is turned off right now.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Maybe that's what it is.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I wouldn't block them.
zachariah Giffin: You want me to give you the other phone number or die. Give it to them in a virtual clinic. Well done.
zachariah Giffin: Her health do is show number
Richelle Direny: The number
Richelle Direny: The number I have on file.
Is 740653495
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I changed. I gave him my different for number already. That's not my phone number.
zachariah Giffin: By already updated my phone number with them.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what's the new number
74040718
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm okay. I have 740
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up.
Richelle Direny: For 004007183 ok area code 740-400-7183
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, but I updated that to them in the virtual clinic room.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well I just updated it in another
zachariah Giffin: Yo, yo.
zachariah Giffin: Very good.
Richelle Direny: And this number you gave me um can you receive text messages. Right.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, it's a it's fun. That takes now I get service when I'm on Wi Fi.
zachariah Giffin: Wi Fi at the house. I'm always connected
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So hopefully they won't have that issue anymore. Okay, so let me look to see
Richelle Direny: Now have you, when was last time you senior psychiatrists
zachariah Giffin: Oh I seen
zachariah Giffin: Live last week.
I'm Wednesday, I believe.
Richelle Direny: That's when you got your
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, not Wednesday Tuesday.
zachariah Giffin: My case manager.
zachariah Giffin: I met my case manager.
zachariah Giffin: That day too.
zachariah Giffin: I just found out who she was.
zachariah Giffin: We didn't get a talker anything. She's coming to the house Morrow or not, not tomorrow, but Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you will be able to talk to her about
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, she just want to help me get on the like we've seen and stuff like that, or anything I need help with. I got
zachariah Giffin: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well then that's a good thing. And then you want to remember we talked about her getting you in some type of program or something like that.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I gotta see what's all available.
zachariah Giffin: We didn't really get to sit down and have and have a one on one conversation she just came out in the waiting room and introduced herself and
zachariah Giffin: Asked when was a good time for us to meet at the house and she asked him Wednesday was fine. Tom chose Wednesday at one o'clock and I totally yeah that was fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. Well, at least you have an active plan in terms of
Richelle Direny: What you're going into moving forward because you said that you want to move out of where you are right.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, you get my in place.
Richelle Direny: So she's gonna help you with all of that.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: She'll probably take me to integrated services and stuff so I can get on the list here. Morning, Tony for the metal whatever populous Metropolis or whatever it's called house in
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So when is your next psychic psychiatric appointment.
zachariah Giffin: Um,
zachariah Giffin: It's this month. Hold on, I'll tell you, I got the card in my wallet.
zachariah Giffin: My next jack chin is on the 24th at 130 and my next appointment is on the 12th at 315
Richelle Direny: That's two different appointments, which one is which.
zachariah Giffin: The one on the 12th is with my site doctor and the one on the 24th is just for my injection
Richelle Direny: All for your injection. Okay.
And you found that right here.
zachariah Giffin: Okay, God, thousand dollar check
zachariah Giffin: That's nice.
Richelle Direny: You say you gotta work on attacks.
zachariah Giffin: $1,000 right
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I got it for my taxes.
zachariah Giffin: From
Richelle Direny: From your taxes.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah. So now I have $2,000 saved up on buying a car.
zachariah Giffin: I have $1,000 in the bank, and I have that checked, which I never went in cash. It's good for a year, so I'm not gonna cash into I plan on spending it.
Richelle Direny: Well, you're going to use that money to try to get a car to get your own place.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Which one
zachariah Giffin: A car.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
zachariah Giffin: And then I can work on getting a job after I get a car.
zachariah Giffin: And become
zachariah Giffin: become financially stable.
Richelle Direny: So your caseworker is helping you with all of that.
zachariah Giffin: Are not buying a car, but they'll help me with. I don't know. Maybe they can help me with buying a car. I don't know. Well, to help me with. I need to help me with housing.
zachariah Giffin: I'm not sure. Yeah, I'll find out what are they help us when I meet them on Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: When they come to the house, they would help you with
Richelle Direny: With housing.
Richelle Direny: Now, definitely help you with housing.
zachariah Giffin: So much unless they know
I
zachariah Giffin: I know I my counseling center and they have groups like about life skills and other different types of things.
zachariah Giffin: Oh you've
Richelle Direny: Been going through that.
zachariah Giffin: No.
zachariah Giffin: She can tell me about it when I meet her. And if I need a ride to it. They'll probably take me there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it seems like you're actively working like the plans that we talk about each time that we meet. And what about the the course that you started, you said you were going to sign up, of course, that you complete a course that you started in January.
zachariah Giffin: That is still on hold.
zachariah Giffin: That still on hold. I have to. I haven't did my appeals letter yet. That's something I'm supposed to be working on this one.
Richelle Direny: Appeals letter for
zachariah Giffin: Not pills letter, it's, it's a, some letter that has the right to the school.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Is it because you didn't finish the last course. You were in
zachariah Giffin: No.
zachariah Giffin: I finish school when I'm signing back up. They want to know after write a letter about my plans and my goals. My five year plan my 10 year plan, stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
zachariah Giffin: So when like why why do I think, why do I think this school is
zachariah Giffin: Um, my
zachariah Giffin: The score. I need to be going to and stuff like that type of
Richelle Direny: Financial aid.
zachariah Giffin: I've already did my my fast of papers and stuff like that for fun, enjoy it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: So what is your, what is your new goal in terms of when you you for you want to sign up for the course.
zachariah Giffin: Um, my
zachariah Giffin: My three goals that I have right now is the car housing and getting that letter turned in.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so your car, the housing and
zachariah Giffin: Getting the letter done sending
zachariah Giffin: My financial not my financial visor my work my academic, I think it might be an academic advisor.
zachariah Giffin: Or my admissions advisor, one of them.
Richelle Direny: So maybe what you
zachariah Giffin: Have
Richelle Direny: It set up.
Richelle Direny: Maybe a six month goal for yourself, at least for each thing that at least you know what you're working towards
Richelle Direny: You give your, your activity or for each
Richelle Direny: goal that you have you set a time frame that by, let's say, September of this year, you would have completed the letter in submitted you have completed the letter in the next four months and you give yourself an
zachariah Giffin: Extra two months.
Richelle Direny: You can set a goal for yourself.
Richelle Direny: A goal for yourself as to when do you with everything that you're doing.
Richelle Direny: And what all that needs to go into continue on this journey of getting the car.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and then the housing the housing your case workers working with you on. But if you sell a goal for yourself. At least it encourages you and it gives you motivation, all that your successes going forward.
Richelle Direny: So,
Um,
Richelle Direny: How
Not
zachariah Giffin: Thing.
Richelle Direny: Like, what have you discussed with your, your caseworker so far.
zachariah Giffin: I haven't discussed anything with them so far I've only found out who she was. I will get to have a sit down conversation with her like we're having, I'll be able to do that on Wednesday.
zachariah Giffin: Okay, so maybe when I was
Richelle Direny: When I was
zachariah Giffin: When I was in a waiting room to get my injection done. She came out and met me introduce yourself and stuff like that. So you never told me about anything that can help me, which didn't tell me nothing except for we set up appointment for her to come out to the house and talk to me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so maybe I what I can suggest is that between now and the time that you meet with her.
Richelle Direny: That you can jot down some things that you want to discuss with her or some goals that you have. So at least she knows what you plan on doing or what you would like to do, and she can set realistic goals with you that, you know, so that you're successful
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: And even I know it was the a meeting. What we have what you have so much going on with the outpatient so you know because I know you said that you live really far away from town right
zachariah Giffin: Yeah. What about 30 minutes
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you know you. There's just certain things that you can do. You can only do so much at a time so
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You can look into.
Richelle Direny: You can look
Richelle Direny: Maybe with the outpatient meeting, um,
Richelle Direny: Maybe you can go once every, every month or once every other month when she's available to bring you to what because I know you said it's a little bit hard for you get to the meetings.
Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: Crap.
Richelle Direny: Now I see that we talked about.
zachariah Giffin: I was calling from my dog. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Um, I know.
zachariah Giffin: I see that we talked a little bit
Richelle Direny: Getting a whole lot of sleep. How's your sleep, man. Oh, it's a cute little doggy.
zachariah Giffin: her. Her name is Bill
Richelle Direny: He said it's a girl.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, her name.
Richelle Direny: Is bill.
Richelle Direny: Have you been getting enough sleep.
zachariah Giffin: Or is it still yes
zachariah Giffin: She put me on the
Richelle Direny: Because you're moving around.
Richelle Direny: It's very difficult to hear you're breaking up a lot.
zachariah Giffin: Oh, all right. Hold on one second.
zachariah Giffin: I was moving further past the Wi Fi.
zachariah Giffin: So, can you hear me now. Yes.
zachariah Giffin: So the dog's name is Bill be oh
Richelle Direny: Oh ok, boo.
zachariah Giffin: Like, like my girlfriend. Hey, Boo.
zachariah Giffin: So anyways,
zachariah Giffin: I met when I met with my psychiatrist. They put me back on the elevator and since I've gotten back on the hill. It was a good asleep.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's been helping with your sleep.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And what about
Richelle Direny: What about now since you've been on the hell doll.
Richelle Direny: Or sorry,
Richelle Direny: In Vega right
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You've been on the invega you haven't been hearing the voices in having
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, no voices lusa nations.
zachariah Giffin: Know a mission to the hospital.
zachariah Giffin: Last
zachariah Giffin: For the last two months, I've been good.
Richelle Direny: So how does it feel
zachariah Giffin: At first,
zachariah Giffin: I couldn't sleep, and I couldn't sit still.
Richelle Direny: Say you couldn't sleep and you can see so
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I can't sleep, and I couldn't sit still. But since they put me on the elbow. I'm able to sleep and they put me on this one pill. I don't know how to pronounce it.
zachariah Giffin: But
zachariah Giffin: It's pro panel all pro pro praying prepared at all. Yeah, yeah.
zachariah Giffin: And that says, For restlessness and anxiety.
zachariah Giffin: So it says I got putting on that. Now, I'm not like pacing the floors. Because at first I was pacing the floors.
zachariah Giffin: No, I'm not doing it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's good.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and when and when you went to the doctor. This last time you did tell him how you felt
Richelle Direny: Like you told him. Yeah. The side effects that you're feeling
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, and that's when they give me the other medication to help the problem.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
zachariah Giffin: Well,
Richelle Direny: Now in the last time.
Richelle Direny: We met. We talked a little bit about
Richelle Direny: Things that you can get engaged with
zachariah Giffin: We talked about
Richelle Direny: You gonna say something
zachariah Giffin: Um, we talked about, oh, you wanted me to write down my hobbies and interests. This
Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: So, um,
zachariah Giffin: My hobbies and interests or like I like fishing hiking, camping, like music
zachariah Giffin: I'm in computers like
zachariah Giffin: I can build computers and fix them and stuff like that.
zachariah Giffin: Mine.
zachariah Giffin: I like learning
zachariah Giffin: I like I like learning new things.
zachariah Giffin: Now with the fixing of
Richelle Direny: The computers, you said, that's something that you like the one
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I can build computers and I took programming and software development at a vocational school
zachariah Giffin: So I'm good with like computers.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you didn't want to continue with that.
zachariah Giffin: Now I I'm I dropped out of high school. And then I dropped out high school 10 years later, I got my GED. And I started college
zachariah Giffin: And I started college and to
zachariah Giffin: This courses.
zachariah Giffin: My video for a second.
zachariah Giffin: Sometimes it works better.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: When you're home. Do you find yourself doing things on the computer as a hobby teaching yourself different things.
zachariah Giffin: I'm on
zachariah Giffin: I'm on the computer doing stuff like watching Netflix. I don't
zachariah Giffin: I know design websites and stuff like that. But I don't do it.
zachariah Giffin: But
You don't
Richelle Direny: You don't find it interesting to do it.
zachariah Giffin: Uh, I don't. There's no need for me to do it. So I don't do it if someone asked me for their help people call me and like just
zachariah Giffin: The day before yesterday, my friend. Her daughter is doing her schooling online and their computer was messed up and they called me about it. And they brought it over to me and I fixed it for them. I just had to reboot it
zachariah Giffin: And the little store uptown the auto garage place they called me and I set up their network for them.
zachariah Giffin: I got paid get into free pizza isn't. But I did that.
zachariah Giffin: So,
zachariah Giffin: I don't really
zachariah Giffin: Mess with them unless I'm asked to
Okay.
Richelle Direny: But what are some things that you find that stimulating for you mentally
zachariah Giffin: Stimulating and what what
Richelle Direny: Just the things that kids stimulates your mind where you don't at no point get bored, just some things like stimulate your mind.
zachariah Giffin: Gotcha. Watching watching series on Netflix that goes that keeps me busy and focused and I'm into that. I'm not in the thinking about drugs or anything else.
zachariah Giffin: Like, right now I'm watching once upon a time, there's eight seasons of it and I've already watched it before, but I'm watching it from the beginning. Again, I'm on season two.
zachariah Giffin: So I'm going to watch it until I get the eighth season done
zachariah Giffin: I enjoy doing that.
zachariah Giffin: I like watching series better than a movie, cuz you really get into it.
zachariah Giffin: starts to boil. I gotta turn that down.
zachariah Giffin: Just turned on love.
zachariah Giffin: That one burning
zachariah Giffin: Man.
Richelle Direny: watching that show. How's that stimulating for you.
zachariah Giffin: Um, I don't know, because it's like reading a book you're waiting for the next thing. Big thing to happen. So you're focused on it.
zachariah Giffin: Like when you're reading a book and you're really getting into it. You can't put the book down and stop reading it because you want to know what happens next. So that's how it is with me when I'm watching a series on TV. I keep watching it, because I want to know what happens.
Richelle Direny: What happens next. Okay.
zachariah Giffin: I mean, I don't do that all day long I have other stuff. I do like I take care of two older people.
zachariah Giffin: And so I'm busy doing that too.
zachariah Giffin: Boyle asked to put it on low and put the little
Richelle Direny: He said, as soon as one
zachariah Giffin: Of the food and cooking. I told it told him as soon as it starts to boil. I have to put it on. I have to put it on low and let it simmer.
Richelle Direny: And how's everything going at home. I know there were you had a little bit of challenges so
zachariah Giffin: How's that going
zachariah Giffin: Whoa. Well, for the last two months. Everything has been fine you know the in Vegas.
zachariah Giffin: Has problems I had at home like I'm calm.
zachariah Giffin: I'm acting crazy are not doing nothing. I'm not supposed to be doing.
zachariah Giffin: I'm getting along with the people that I live with. So we're arguing or any
zachariah Giffin: Last few months, everything's fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. So it seems like taking the shot. It's been a good thing for you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well,
Richelle Direny: Just continue with. I mean, the path that you're on. And you know, I think if you let her said I will definitely suggest
Richelle Direny: That you write down just kind of take notes as to some of the things that when you meet with your concert. What you want to discuss with her. What you want to go over with her and
Richelle Direny: You know, it leaves you have instead of goal, you know, with the school.
Richelle Direny: You said maybe a six month goal and what does that goal in six consists of its identity identifying what is it that
zachariah Giffin: To the timeframe, you can just
Richelle Direny: Write the letter to submit the letter. I'm getting the car you've already gotten one check you're saving up all the fear of money.
Richelle Direny: So you're being intentional about that you're meeting with the case manager. She's going to help you with getting things squared away for you to be able to
Richelle Direny: Get your apartment.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Housing situated. So the first thing, as you said, the first thing is that you want to get the first goal for you is getting your car right
zachariah Giffin: Um, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Then the next goal is
zachariah Giffin: Fine. After that, after that it will be finding a job.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Yeah, because you need to be able to sustain and pay for the car and everything else.
Richelle Direny: Know what else the next goal after that was what getting the apartment.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: After it because after I become financially stable. I want to get an apartment that I can get on the list where it goes by my income and I can get an apartment before I become financially stable because they go by your income.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I mean I think that you're
Richelle Direny: You're on the right path. I think the last thing.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
zachariah Giffin: I least this at least this time with you. We have a lot to talk about. Instead of just my admissions to the hospital.
Richelle Direny: Yes. I mean, you've been doing really well.
Richelle Direny: You've been really doing well and you think that it's better the injections are a whole lot better than the
Richelle Direny: Then you having to take the pills.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, the injections working well.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so that's good. As long as you keep up with the appointments and these now you're stable.
Richelle Direny: Where you're, you know, like you said you're not hearing but you're not having the hallucinations. So you're more stable. So now you can work on, you know, work on what is it that you want to do.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, my education.
zachariah Giffin: In school work and housing.
Richelle Direny: And you said, for the most part, your view your home. Right. You don't really go anywhere.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, mostly home like we get, we go to the movie or out the we go as a family, all together. So when I go somewhere, even to the store, whatever we all get together as a family.
Richelle Direny: Of all three of you.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: I think since the last time I talked to you. We went to the movies twice.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. And how does that
Richelle Direny: What is that like like because it's you know it's somewhat structured. It sounds like it's somewhat structured. Um, how do you like that structure. Does it feel overwhelming. Does it feel like, you know, you don't really
zachariah Giffin: Feel fun
zachariah Giffin: No fun to me.
zachariah Giffin: That's not overwhelming and I don't feel like it's something I have to do. It's something I want to do. We all agree on the same thing if we all don't agree on it, then we don't do it.
Richelle Direny: OK.
zachariah Giffin: So the reason do something even going to like we go to flea markets and stuff like that. We all agree on it. So we all do it together where we go out to eat.
zachariah Giffin: At some place we all three want to go. So it's not overwhelming. And it's not like I'm forced to do something. I don't want to do. It's what we all want to do
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well that's good, that's good. I'm happy that everything is working out that way.
Richelle Direny: And you're, you're not feeling forced to do anything.
Richelle Direny: So I'm happy that always working out for you. Um,
Richelle Direny: Let me see. Let's talk about when we're going to meet again, let me look at my calendar.
Richelle Direny: What do you do during the year for your home for the most part, all day.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: So good with me.
Richelle Direny: Angel groups on Tuesdays. Right.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
zachariah Giffin: They don't show up without the symptom they arrived.
zachariah Giffin: They don't make sense, they have the symptoms after they get here.
zachariah Giffin: I know that
zachariah Giffin: The bacteria has the incubator in the body for a certain amount of time so they can show up without having the symptoms. Not that they get home, they get sacked be fine. Go home. This are getting
zachariah Giffin: Close the borders.
Richelle Direny: Are you talking about the coronavirus
zachariah Giffin: Yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna put you down for the 23rd at six o'clock.
zachariah Giffin: All right.
zachariah Giffin: The points are six o'clock.
zachariah Giffin: Six o'clock.
zachariah Giffin: PM. All right, I got it written down.
Richelle Direny: For you remember what we talked about today. What time do you go to 130
zachariah Giffin: My time just to go his name, but I got 1030
zachariah Giffin: Tomorrow morning when I get on, I have to tell the doctor to switch me to the 1030 because that's what I usually go to anyways.
zachariah Giffin: Why was bright heart, how to get ahold of me. You never did tell me
Richelle Direny: I don't know, I guess. I don't know if they were he didn't specify. They just said they were sending you messages. I don't know if it is for medication refill I doesn't say
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I don't. I run out today with my medication. So probably isn't about my medication.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. But if you ran out. So today, you took your last those
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I get it refilled tomorrow. No, I see the doctor in the morning and after group. I usually get to the pharmacy.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, I did update
Richelle Direny: Your phone number. So, and I sent a message. So let's see if I'm they will
Richelle Direny: reflect that. But you know even also when you check in tomorrow to virtual clinic. Just give them just ensure that they have, because there's another system, but I don't, I can't seem to edit the phone number in the next system, but I I updated in one system so you can talk
zachariah Giffin: On
Richelle Direny: Someone in virtual clinic and just let them know
zachariah Giffin: Okay. All right.
Richelle Direny: Well yeah why why they were trying to get in contact with you.
zachariah Giffin: Yeah, I think it offers you all signed into the virtual clinic and talk to
zachariah Giffin: Try to find out what it was.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem, like I said you we have our goal for when we talk next week when you meet with your, your case manager just kind of discuss like what your goals are just kind of write them down so you could go over them, and she will have you know a good
Richelle Direny: Where she would develop a map a roadmap towards the, the things that you want to attain in the next six to eight months. I think if you give yourself that time six to eight months, you could take it very slowly. One step at a time to be able to attain
zachariah Giffin: Each bullet. He
Richelle Direny: Will meet will kind of review it and discuss it. Okay.
zachariah Giffin: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right then, Zachary thanks for meeting me. We'll see. I'll see you in two weeks.
zachariah Giffin: Alright, see you later. Alright.